Congratulations.
You've now been able to find bounding boxes
that each coincide with the different cars on the highway.
You did this by using a Lidar to create a high resolution point Clouds,
and then segmented that point Cloud into two parts; road and obstacles.
Finally, you use Euclidean clustering to
breakup the Obstacle Point Cloud into separate entities.
In this case, the different cars on the road and then put bounding boxes around them.
You have graduated from the highway simulator,
and you're now ready to tackle Real Point Cloud Data from self driving cars.
Check out the next lesson,
working with Real Point Cloud Data.